Artist statement - midterm project

For my midterm project, I created a multi-page website that is a quiz telling you « What kind of social media user are you? . I wanted to make a critic on social medias and how we use them but not necessarily for the right reasons. The quiz itself is very easy to take and straightforward but the results are what is the most important to look at. IÕm using a lot of stereotypes whether they are in the choice of answers or in the results themselves, they are based on what society is normally thinking. I wanted to create a quiz that isnÕt necessary what comes to mind when we think about an online questionnaire, that are usually made to be funny.   

How does it work: 
The landing page is a simple page that enunciate only the title of the quiz. To answer, the user just need to click on the button that most represent his/her situation which automatically leads to the next question. They are 3 questions but depending on what your previous answer was, the suggestions on the next question are not the same. On each result page, there is an animation related to which type of social media user you are. For example, on the "I want to show the world who I am " type page (which is a reflection on people who only post picture of themselves on social medias), multiple hashtags are hidden on the page and you have to move your mouse to see them.

As for how I implemented my idea in html/css/JavaScript, I created a lot of different html pages to really offer different possibilities to the user. At first, all of the answers on the question 3 page (reason you use this platform) were the same, but I decided to change them depending on what social media the user selected first, I felt it was more personalized, adding new html pages.  My code is basically buttons that leads to different pages and animations.